1. Get GDS from openlane run: `caravel_user_project/openlane/user_project_wrapper/runs/user_project_wrapper/results/magic/user_project_wrapper.gds`.
2. Get .magicrc from `caddy10:/tmp/mjpauly-ee272/handroute-demo/.magicrc`.
3. Get the setup.sh from `caddy10:/tmp/mjpauly-ee272/handroute-demo/setup.sh`.
4. Get the sky130A technology files from `caddy10:/tmp/mjpauly-ee272/handroute-demo/sky130A`.
5. Source the setup.sh.
6. Start up magic with `magic`.
8. Hide all layers with `see no *`.
7. Load the GDS with `gds read user_project_wrapper.gds`. This will take a
    little while.
9. Show layers met4, met5, and via4 (goes between met4 and met5) with 
    `see met4`, `see met5`, and `see via4`. Also show via3 so you can avoid it
    when routing on met4.
10. You should be able to see the 6 outer rings of the user_project_wrapper which
    surrounds a large blank space labeled as user_proj_example. Zoom into the
    edge with `z` and using the scroll bars so you see the wrapper power rings
    and some of the macro in the middle.
11. Left click to place the lower left corner of a box with the box tool (should
    be the default unless space was pressed), then right click to place the
    upper right corner of the box such that the box covers part of the
    user_proj_example space in the middle. Press `x` to expose the macro. Check
    that the power rings for the macro which were generated by Innovus are
    visible.
12. Find a stripe stub coming from one of inner two wrapper rings. VDD is on the
    inside and VSS is on the outside. This should also match the ordering of the
    rings created by innovus for the macro, so you want to connect inner to
    inner and outer to outer. You can check the wrapper ring netnames by opening
    the GDS in Klayout. The macro ring netnames can be checked in Innovus.
13. Press space once to switch to the wiring tool. Click on the end of the
    stripe stub and begin routing it to the correct macro ring by left clicking
    where you want the stripe to extend to using straight segments.
14. When done, right click to stop routing with the wiring tool. The stub should
    now extend inwards so that it overlaps the correct macro power ring while
    giving other polygons on the same layer a wide berth. A rectangle should
    remain on the stripe stub at its innermost point after right clicking.
15. Create a via to connect the stripe to the power ring by going to the top
    menu bar, selecting Devices then via4.
16. Repeat steps 11 through 14 for each stripe stub connected to the inner two
    wrapper power rings.
17. Expose all layers with `see *` and save the GDS with
    `gds write hand-routed.gds`.
